This files are used to run the bundle on the IMXRT1050-EVKB as a MCU Expresso Project. All those files should be added to the source directory of the project.

In order to obtain the bundle for the embedded system, we tried to change in glow/lib/Backends/CPU/CMakeLists.txt the compilation of libjit by adding -target=arm or -target=armv7l-unknown-linux-gnueabihf and then run our bundle generation with target and cpu for the IMXRT1050-EVKB. This came mostly from the glow issues at https://github.com/pytorch/glow/issues/2836. 

However, this did not work. At first, the bundle was not compiling because the embedded compiler was not recognizing posix_memalign function. After changing the target in libjit, the generated bundle had a UDF (undefined) Instruction instead of allocating memory. We solved this by re-writting the matrix multiplication function in libjit and recompiling. The resulted bundle had the right instructions, but it was not doing anything to the result. We guessed this may be because of some wrong memory reference (since it never wrote anything in the results memory space).

After a meeting with the NXP team, we were not able to find the problem. We also tried to generate a bundle for the LeNeT_Mnist network, and it was doing the same: nothing was written in the results memory space. As a result, they speculated this was because of some glow changes they are not aware of. So, using their internal glow they generated the bundle for us. We do not know what their internal glow looks like, we only know is derived from https://github.com/pytorch/glow/tree/fd7b735d93479c30592c0d7e44ab3f6be2283494.
